curry stepping into the head spot he
takes over the reins of the ship here at
the University of Saint Francis and
he'll look to build on the success his
forerunners it brought him so the ball
has moved up to the 16 yard line
white into the endzone touchdown it's
Gunderson grad they run before but look
at the little play fake freeze the
linebackers and look how wide open he is
right down his see white play-action he
wants to go big deep downfield for DES
Paige white up but he's gonna score 60
yard touchdown pass from white to
desmond age with 34 touchdown passes des
page with 10 they each get their first
here in the 2012 season the saints go on
top 14 to nothing white play actually he
wants to go big again he wants to go to
page again down the left sideline
Jeff page has it he's gonna outrun his
man this is gonna go for 90 yards and a
score 60 yard touchdown pass by the way
a 90-yard touchdown pass on consecutive
plays and the lead jumps to 20 to
nothing get enough arm to get it right
there 89 yards of fishing 12 second nice
wide drive day but look at this catches
him right stride and look at that look
at his speed the separate speed now
you'll see
picture won the Herts to snap to white
it's gonna throw in the end zone green
well it makes a leaping grab and he
comes down with the touchdown
Dustin green well with a touchdown
reception watch I think right here
little fade watch it does he push off a
little bit no not really does a nice job
coming down with it boys six-foot for
240 pounds Fort Myers Florida and we're
gonna get a third pass Smith quickly
it's picked off intercepted at the 33
yard line
I'm the return touchdown Jesse Hogan 33
yards score a flag comes out after Hogan
celebrates in the end zone this flag was
thrown behind the play this interception
and touchdown should stand they will
bring it to the 2 yard line and John
Magee stumbles to the end zone ease in 2
yard touchdown run John McGee
puts his head down smells eunsung know
it touchdown for the fight that took
them less than a minute and a half to
punch that one in 41 to nothing
placements good Murray it said it is
long enough and it is good 43 yards for
Shaun Murray the sophomore from Phoenix
Arizona and stretches the lead to 44 to
nothing bring us to our final score is
that ball stamped over the head the
clock will wind and he could give the
Saints a record of one and O following
the 4414 win over Concordia University
second year in a row Saints have
defeated the Cardinals